0-0
This pearl is weathered, and the data it contains appears to be somewhat corrupted. I will try as best I can to decipher it.
...
This message was intended for me. Much of the text is corrupted beyond retrieval, but it seems<LINE>to be a formal authorization or declaration document of some description. I'll read what I can.
"1692.112 - HIGH PRIORITY - Looks to the Moon                                  <LINE>...twenty-sixth assemblage of the utmost Superior Operatives of the Ordinance Collective, of those who seek the uncovering and resolution<LINE>to the matter ... a conflicting development, which we as the Collective deem to be substantially ... groundwater intake poses a high risk<LINE>of structural and/or equipment malfunction, degradation, or otherwise critical failure ... grant priority of action, overriding the ...<LINE>of temporal extraction stasis. The following ..." 
The rest is just meaningless strings of glyphs and repeating errors.
It's a full access authorization for Five Pebbles' aquifer extraction pumps. 
This kind of order usually needs an immense amount of oversight approvals, which is effectively impossible in recent times. If I were to guess,<LINE>the approvals and formalities here are probably forged - which is highly illegal, but that clearly didn't stop the sender. 
The message appears to have been sent via the primary transmission network. Usually, that network is only used for longer-range broadcasts<LINE>or other exceptions, but this message's trace logs indicate it originated from within the local group.<LINE>Why it was sent in this way rather than through the standard sub-stratospheric comms array, I couldn't say.
The faults in this pearl's data seem to suggest that the message was forcefully rerouted into this pearl, sending it through various parallel channels<LINE>in the process. This may have been the result of the node suffering from some critical processing error, or it may have been intentional.
Regardless, the message never reached its destination. Until now, I suppose, though it's not like I can use it.